Hey look it's a countdown must be the
countdown to my gig what's the
difference between jam and Joseph can't
chili mom dig up your mother's ass I'm
gonna make you breakfast you might not
be a Bulls fan but I know you felt doing
that DeRose I heard your mother was
Jewish
don't you wish you had his dick in your
mouth
roses are red violets are blue
if you don't be my Valentine bitch I'm
gonna rape you do you like pizza cuz I
want a pizza that ass all I want to know
is do you like the ladies cuz I'm a
lady's nuts across your face are you a
Jehovah Witness cuz imma bend you over
and you're gonna witness this dick like
warm weather because that will put these
warm nuts in your mouth what do you like
do you speak French then come get this
we we do you like tapes and CDs because
I'm gonna take my dick to your forehead
and you're gonna see these nuts bitch
like Honda's cuz I got some pink Honda
wait here's another poem roses are red
Yoda is green my life zebra takes two
hands if you know what I mean
do you like alphabet soup
because you're about to be choking on
the D I got a piece so fucking badly
funny